-------------------------------------------------
Sure! Here is a comprehensive list of functions from the headers <string> (for C++ std::string) and <cstring> (for C-style strings in both C and C++), along with a short description of each.

Functions in <string> (C++ Standard Library)
The functions in <string> pertain to std::string, a C++ class used for string manipulation.

Constructors:
std::string()

Default constructor. Creates an empty string.
std::string(const std::string &str)

Copy constructor. Creates a copy of another string.
std::string(const char *s)

Constructor that initializes the string with a C-style string (const char*).
std::string(size_t n, char c)

Constructor that creates a string of size n, filled with the character c.
std::string(std::string&& str)

Move constructor. Transfers ownership of the contents of another string.
Member Functions:
append()

Appends the contents of another string or a substring to the current string.
c_str()

Returns a pointer to the C-style string (const char*), which is null-terminated.
capacity()

Returns the capacity of the string (the total allocated space for the string).
clear()

Removes all characters from the string (empties it).
compare()

Compares the string with another string and returns an integer indicating their lexicographical relationship.
empty()

Returns true if the string is empty, false otherwise.
find()

Searches for the first occurrence of a substring and returns its position.
insert()

Inserts a substring at a specified position in the string.
length() or size()

Returns the number of characters in the string.
replace()

Replaces part of the string with another substring.
substr()

Returns a substring starting from a specified index for a specified length.
resize()

Changes the size of the string, adding or removing characters.
erase()

Removes characters from the string starting at a given position.
rfind()

Searches for the last occurrence of a substring.
push_back()

Adds a character at the end of the string.
pop_back()

Removes the last character from the string.
swap()

Swaps the contents of the string with another string.
at()

Returns a reference to the character at a specific index, with bounds checking.
back()

Returns a reference to the last character.
front()

Returns a reference to the first character.
data()

Returns a pointer to the underlying character array (not necessarily null-terminated).
reserve()

Requests that the string capacity be at least enough to store the specified number of characters.
Functions in <cstring> (C-style String Functions)
The functions in <cstring> are used for working with C-style strings, i.e., arrays of characters (char arrays) terminated by a null character ('\0').

String Manipulation:
strcat()

Concatenates two null-terminated C strings. It appends the source string to the destination string.
strchr()

Searches for the first occurrence of a character in a string and returns a pointer to it.
strcmp()

Compares two null-terminated C strings lexicographically. Returns 0 if they are equal, a negative value if the first string is less, and a positive value if the first string is greater.
strcpy()

Copies a null-terminated C string into another string.
strdup()

Creates a new string that is a duplicate of the given string (not part of C++ standard, but supported in some environments).
strncat()

Concatenates a specified number of characters from one string to another.
strncmp()

Compares the first n characters of two strings.
strncpy()

Copies the first n characters of one string to another.
strtok()

Breaks a string into tokens based on a delimiter.
String Length and Size:
strlen()

Returns the length of a null-terminated C string, excluding the null terminator.
strnlen()

Returns the length of a string, but limits the number of characters to check (useful for avoiding buffer overruns).
String Search and Character Manipulation:
strstr()

Searches for the first occurrence of a substring within a string.
strpbrk()

Searches for the first occurrence of any of a set of characters in a string.
strspn()

Returns the length of the initial segment of the string that consists only of characters in a specified set.
strcspn()

Returns the length of the initial segment of the string that does not contain any characters in a specified set.
strrchr()

Searches for the last occurrence of a character in a string.
strcoll()

Compares two strings according to the current locale.
strxfrm()

Transforms a string for comparison purposes according to the current locale.
Memory and Copying:
memcpy()

Copies a specified number of bytes from one memory location to another.
memmove()

Similar to memcpy(), but safely handles overlapping memory areas.
memset()

Sets a specified number of bytes in a memory block to a particular value.
memcmp()

Compares two blocks of memory byte by byte.
memchr()

Searches for the first occurrence of a byte in a block of memory.
bzero()

Clears a block of memory by setting all bytes to zero (not part of the C++ standard, but supported in some environments).
